Now, after applications written in Java are compiled, they are reverse engineered for analysis.
Bytecode viewer is Java Jar and Android apk reverse engineering suite that includes the compiler, editor
and debugger.
Let's go ahead and install it, so I'm sure you know the drill.
Go to Kelly and log in with default credentials.
Kelly and Kelly, open up a Web browser.
Search for bytecode viewer.
And click on the probable first Web site, scroll down a bit.
Now, bytecode viewer has a lot of features, but we'll use it for Java D compiler.
There are also other open source Javadi compiler tools that I want to show you.
So one of them is Jadick Gooey.
To search for it on Google.
And if you open this GitHub page.
You will find here Jadakiss is also used to produce Java source codes from Decs and APIC files.
Take we'll look at another tool for Java reverse engineering.
JD Good can also be used for this purpose.
Click on the GitHub page, scroll down a bit.
And what you see here, this is one of the useful tools for Java reverse engineering.
And I'm going to use the bytecode viewer because, well, it's a more comprehensive tool for reverse
engineering with both of these features here and other useful features as well.
So let's go ahead and download the latest jar file.
Save it, OK, open up, terminal screen.
Change directory to the downloads folder.
List files.
All right, it's here and we'll run Java Dash Jar and the bytecode viewer jar file.
All right, so insulation's complete.
So this is the user interface of the bytecode viewer.